Come on, let me say something
Let's get to know a few
I haven't had a good time since graduating from college
Tonight.
Don't get drunk
Cheers
It's boring for us girls to drink too much
Become a few active little brothers
It's my treat. It's great
Then find me a little brother
I, I, I, I am married.
Not suitable
Oh, don't hold it when Ali comes out to play
Ah, he's thin-skinned.
If you want to buy the most handsome ones, call them directly.
Okay, okay, don't separate the second brother.
That means your love guru
The place
Yes, the highest personality club on the sea
It has everything for princes and princes
There must be a reason why you like it
Hey handsome, the beautiful woman inside is so beautiful
Especially the one at the innermost, Jiang Ziyi
How could she be in a place like this?
One per person, Nangong Guan is too good